Name: Robert Putnam
1.) Birthday
2.) sad
3.) 58
4.) love
5.) 13
im getting a different seeded from yours, but that could be for many reasons
6.) Happy Birthday song to daddy sang in out to daddy sang in out to daddy sang in out to daddy.
7.) sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad
8.) hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey 
9.) little drummer boy who am the more i only the more i only the more i only the more i
10.) The obvious problem is repetition, this is solved pretty easily by truncating the loop if you find a matching pattern
11.) amore per una furtiva lagrima por que mas te necesito verte nunca me love love love love love love love
12.) love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love \
13.) little drummer boy who am the more i only the more i only the more i only the more i
14.) if one of the words is most often followed by a word that is already in the title it will cause a loop
15.) So basically I just have it checking the word it added against the words already in the title, if it finds that
the one that it just added is there it removes it and ends the loop
16.) montana sacra ii symbolum nicenum
17.) bob and now is this
18.) I got the same one, the reason it might return the same thing is using the rand function to break ties.
19.) left blank because of an indexing error in your questions
20.) I really like its regex capabilities. I would have found this useful to build a script with it that I could have called to strip
for a database application I was working on.
21.) aside from ne and eq vs != and == which would give me an error, and elsif theres not really anything that bugged me. My main 
frustration was the lack of a debugger, at least that I found, which would have made the initial hash building easier.
I also feel that I would have been more comfortable doing this terminal through vim on linux, but decided to try Notepad++
22.) I had little to no issues with the lab itself
23.) I spent about 4 on trying to figure out what you wanted for song titles, then building it when I realized I didn't know how to read,
about 2 learning the syntax and building experimental hashes, and about 1 trying to derust on regex and actually write the expression 
this includes using the regex tester.
24.) Sure, if I ever need to build a data base from an XML file, or create an XML file from data in an HTML file I will definitely use
it because of how straight forward and light it feels. Anything regex worthy.